Provide an SMI example (#432)
containous/maesh: docs/content/examples.md

Accept: */*
X-Forwarded-For: 3.4.5.6
```

## SMI Example

> In order to expose the HTTP Services from above over SMI, please apply that file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to expose the HTTP Services from above with SMI enabled, please create the following resources:
```

```yaml
---
apiVersion: specs.smi-spec.io/v1alpha1
kind: HTTPRouteGroup
metadata:
  name: http-everything
  namespace: whoami
matches:
- name: everything
  pathRegex: ".*"
  methods: ["*"]
---
kind: TrafficTarget
apiVersion: access.smi-spec.io/v1alpha1
metadata:
  name: whatever
  namespace: whoami
destination:
  kind: ServiceAccount
  name: whoami-server
  namespace: whoami
  port: "80"
specs:
- kind: HTTPRouteGroup
  name: http-everything
  matches:
  - everything
sources:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: whoami-client
  namespace: whoami
```

> For TCP, you only need a TCPRoute and a TrafficTarget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For TCP mode, you only need a TCPRoute and a TrafficTarget:
```
